Update XRootD Standalone and other XRootD docs to OSG 23 (SOFTWARE-5820) (#156)
osg-htc/docs: docs/data/xrootd/xrootd-authorization.md

    If your transfer does not succeed, re-run `xrdcp`  with `--debug 2` for more information.

Updating to OSG 23
------------------

There are no manual steps necessary for authentication to work when upgrading from OSG 3.6 to OSG 23.

> If you are upgrading from an earlier version, see the [updating to OSG 3.6](#updating-to-osg-3-6) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading from an earlier release series, see the [updating to OSG 3.6](#updating-to-osg-3-6) section below.
```
